add pre-rendering docs & fingerprinting notes to wiki (#1177)
hashicorp/design-system: wiki/Website-Infrastructure.md

In [the `Media` document](./Website-Media.md) you can find a detailed explanation about how to handle media files for the website.

### Fingerprinting

Our fingerprinting strategy largely follows the [default ember-cli setup](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/advanced-use/asset-compilation/#fingerprintingandcdnurls) with the addition of the `'json'` file type added to `extensions` in [ember-cli-build.js](../website/ember-cli-build.js) so that processed markdown files are fingerprinted.

We did encounter a problem with fingerprinting of a specific image markdown syntax for specifying image dimensions (` =112x112`) which was resolved by utiliziting `yarn patch` to adjust the underlying fingerprinting logic. More details can be found in [#826](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/826).

## Server side rendering and fastboot

The website uses a combination of [ember-cli-fasboot](https://github.com/ember-fastboot/ember-cli-fastboot) and [prember](https://github.com/ef4/prember) to pre-render static versions of routes at build time. 

> Fastboot is meant to allow us to serve the site to users without JavaScript enabled, but in practice this is not a goal we currently support as there are multiple instances of behavior we rely on that doesn't work without JavaScript. We do still attempt to leverage the [fastboot service](https://github.com/ember-fastboot/ember-cli-fastboot#fastboot-service) to place guards around logic we know to only work outside the Fastboot context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastboot is meant to allow us to serve the site to users without JavaScript enabled. However, using the site without JavaScript enabled is currently unsupported, as there is some functionality in the site that requires JavaScript. We do still attempt to leverage the [fastboot service](https://github.com/ember-fastboot/ember-cli-fastboot#fastboot-service) to place guards around logic we know to only work outside the Fastboot context.
```
